fixing cluster dashboard description (#670)
mulesoft/docs-runtime-fabric: modules/ROOT/pages/using-opscenter.adoc

After logging into Ops Center, you'll see a list of tabs on the left of the page. Navigate to "Monitoring"
to view the dashboards available for viewing.

The dashboards are divided into the following categories:

> * *Applications* shows metrics on all the replicas for an application deployment. 

Reviewer: replicas of an application deployment instead of for an application deployment???

> * *Applications* shows metrics on all the replicas for an application deployment. 

Author: ```suggestion
* *Applications* shows metrics for all replicas of application deployment. 
```

> ** Filters include the environment ID the application is deployed in, and the application deployment name.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
** Filters include the environment ID the application is deployed in and the application deployment name.
```

Reviewer: Suggestion: Filters include the ID for the environment where the application is deployed and the application deployment name.

> * *Cluster* shows metrics on the overall Runtime Fabric cluster and provides a machine-level overview of the Kubernetes cluster. The limit for a node is the sum of all limits for individual pods scheduled on it. Unbound pods, like ingress, are not included in the limit, as they are not limited. This dashboard will not show ingress-specific data but machine-level data only, including that all pods. 

Author: ```suggestion
* *Cluster* shows metrics on the overall Runtime Fabric cluster and provides a machine-level overview of the Kubernetes cluster. The limit for a node is the sum of all limits for individual pods scheduled on it. Unbound pods, like ingress, are not included in the limit, as they are not limited. This dashboard does not show ingress-specific data, but it machine-level data for all pods. 
```

> * *Cluster* shows metrics on the overall Runtime Fabric cluster and provides a machine-level overview of the Kubernetes cluster. The limit for a node is the sum of all limits for individual pods scheduled on it. Unbound pods, like ingress, are not included in the limit, as they are not limited. This dashboard will not show ingress-specific data but machine-level data only, including that all pods. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* *Cluster* shows metrics on the overall Runtime Fabric cluster and provides a machine-level overview of the Kubernetes cluster. The limit for a node is the sum of all limits for individual pods scheduled on it. Unbound pods, like ingress, are not included in the limit, as they are not limited. This dashboard will not show ingress-specific data but machine-level data only, including that of all pods. 
```

> * *Cluster* shows metrics on the overall Runtime Fabric cluster and provides a machine-level overview of the Kubernetes cluster. The limit for a node is the sum of all limits for individual pods scheduled on it. Unbound pods, like ingress, are not included in the limit, as they are not limited. This dashboard will not show ingress-specific data but machine-level data only, including that all pods. 

Reviewer: Suggestion:
his dashboard shows only machine-level data for all pods.
or
This dashboard does not show ingress-specific data but it shows machine-level data for all pods.

** Filters include `nodename`, allowing you to filter by a specific VM.
* *CPU Core Usage* shows CPU usage for Mule applications only.

> * *Ingress* shows metrics on all the replicas running the internal load balancer.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* *Ingress* shows metrics on all replicas running the internal load balancer.
```

* *Pods*  shows metrics on each individual service running within the Runtime Fabric cluster. 

> ** Filters include the `namespace` and `podname`, allowing you to specify the specific service to monitor.

Author: ```suggestion
** Filters include `namespace` and `podname`, allowing you to specify the specific service to monitor.
```

> ** Filters include the `namespace` and `podname`, allowing you to specify the specific service to monitor.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
** Filters include `namespace` and `podname`, allowing you to specify the specific service to monitor.
```

> ** Filters include the `namespace` and `podname`, allowing you to specify the specific service to monitor.

Reviewer: I don't think you should be enclosing namespace and pod name in backticks here.

> ** When selecting `namespace`, you'll see GUIDs which correspond to your Anypoint environment IDs under

Reviewer: ```suggestion
** When selecting `namespace`, you'll see GUIDs that correspond to your Anypoint environment IDs under
```

Reviewer: Can you make this text and text elsewhere present tense? 
Maybe - ** When selecting `namespace`, the xxx screen shows the GUIDs that correspond to the Anypoint environment IDs under which your applications are deployed.

Author: good call
